Extra docs on Spoons (#19)
Hammerspoon/hammerspoon.github.io: index.md

You can write Lua code that interacts with OS X APIs for applications, windows, mouse pointers, filesystem objects, audio devices, batteries, screens, low-level keyboard/mouse events, clipboards, location services, wifi, and more.

> If you want to explore the options Hammerspoon offers, check out the [Getting Started Guide](/go/) and the [full API documentation](/docs/) as well as the already pre made plugins called [Spoons](https://www.hammerspoon.org/Spoons/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to explore the options Hammerspoon offers, check out the [Getting Started Guide](/go/) and the [full API documentation](/docs/) as well as the already premade plugins called [Spoons](https://www.hammerspoon.org/Spoons/).
```

Author: Resolved.
